site/content/posts/25-stunning-computer-peripheral-wallpapers-for-desktop-and-laptop.mdx, before:

---
title: 25 Stunning Computer Peripheral wallpapers for Desktop and Laptop
category: Background Image
author: Pawneshwer Gupta
tags:
- background image
- peripheral wallpapers
date: 2022-12-09T00:00:00+05:30
thumbnail: "./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-prolong-services-thumbs.jpg"

---
25 Stunning Computer Peripheral wallpapers for Desktop and Laptop

![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-1.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-2.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-3.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-4.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-5.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-6.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-7.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-8.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-9.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-10.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-11.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-12.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-13.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-14.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-15.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-16.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-17.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-18.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-19.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-20.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-21.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-22.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-23.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-24.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-25.jpg)

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io pawneshwergupta@gmail.com updated site/content/posts/25-stunning-computer-peripheral-wallpapers-for-desktop-and-laptop.mdx

site/content/posts/25-stunning-computer-peripheral-wallpapers-for-desktop-and-laptop.mdx, after:

---
title: 25 Stunning Computer Peripheral wallpapers for Desktop and Laptop
category: Background Image
author: Pawneshwer Gupta
tags:
- background image
- peripheral wallpapers
date: 2022-12-09T00:00:00+05:30
thumbnail: "./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-prolong-services-thumbs.jpg"
description: In this collection of graphics you can find 25 stunning computer peripheral
  wallpapers. All wallpapers are licensed under commercial-use waiver.

---
25 Stunning Computer Peripheral wallpapers for Desktop and Laptop

![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-1.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-2.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-3.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-4.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-5.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-6.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-7.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-8.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-9.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-10.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-11.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-12.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-13.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-14.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-15.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-16.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-17.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-18.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-19.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-20.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-21.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-22.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-23.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-24.jpg)
![](./img/the-peripheral-1080p-download-25.jpg)
